index.md, before:

<nav style="border-bottom:1px solid #e5e7eb;">
  <div style="max-width:900px;margin:0 auto;padding:12px 0;display:flex;gap:24px;">
    <a href="/">Home</a>
    <a href="#projects">Projects</a>
    <a href="resume.html">Resume</a>
    <a href="mailto:satish.ru@northeastern.edu">Contact</a>
  </div>
</nav>

<div style="max-width:900px;margin:0 auto;">

<div class="hero">
  <img src="assets/profile.jpg" alt="Rutwik Satish">
  <div class="hero-text">
    <h1>Rutwik Satish</h1>
    <p>
      <strong>Supply Chain and Operations Analyst</strong><br>
      Focused on Inventory, Planning, and Flow Decision Systems
    </p>
    <p>
      <a href="resume.html">View resume</a> |
      <a href="assets/resume.pdf" target="_blank">Download PDF</a> |
      <a href="https://github.com/RutwikSatish" target="_blank">GitHub</a>
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="two-col">

<div>

## About

I am a graduate student in Engineering Management at Northeastern University with one year of hands-on internship experience across logistics and industrial engineering.

Beyond my internships, I research real-world supply chain problems such as inventory imbalance, planning noise, and execution delays. I build decision-support systems that translate operational data into clear, actionable decisions.

</div>

<div>

## Focus Areas

- Supply Chain Analytics  
- Inventory and Demand Planning  
- Operations and Execution Support  

</div>

</div>

---

## Experience

<div class="card">
<strong>Mercedes-Benz Research and Development India Pvt. Ltd.</strong><br>
Industrial Engineering Intern
<ul>
<li>Analyzed performance data across 25+ production assets, identifying recurring fault patterns impacting downstream availability</li>
<li>Supported root-cause analysis initiatives contributing to an approximate 10 % reduction in repeat operational issues</li>
<li>Built standardized Excel KPI dashboards, improving reporting accuracy by approximately 30 %</li>
<li>Assisted PPAP-aligned documentation to support planning reliability</li>
</ul>
</div>

<div class="card">
<strong>Ativegh Logistics Pvt. Ltd.</strong><br>
Logistics Intern
<ul>
<li>Conducted SKU-level inventory and material flow analysis, contributing to an approximate 15 % increase in service levels</li>
<li>Reduced working capital by approximately 10 % through replenishment analysis</li>
<li>Improved execution efficiency by approximately 8 % through KPI tracking</li>
<li>Supported Tableau dashboards that accelerated execution cycles by approximately 20 %</li>
</ul>
</div>

---

<a id="projects"></a>
## Projects

<div class="project-grid">

<div class="card">
<strong>PlanPulse</strong><br>
Demand Planning Auto Analyst<br>
<a href="https://planpulse.streamlit.app/" target="_blank">Live app</a> |
<a href="projects/planpulse.html">Case study</a>
<img src="assets/planpulse.png" alt="PlanPulse">
</div>

<div class="card">
<strong>FactoryPulse</strong><br>
Production Flow Simulator<br>
<a href="https://factorypulse.streamlit.app/" target="_blank">Live app</a> |
<a href="projects/factorypulse.html">Case study</a>
<img src="assets/factorypulse.png" alt="FactoryPulse">
</div>

<div class="card">
<strong>Supply Chain Decision Translator</strong><br>
Prioritization and decision support tool<br>
<a href="https://scdt-app.streamlit.app/" target="_blank">Live app</a> |
<a href="projects/scdt.html">Case study</a>
<img src="assets/scdt.png" alt="SCDT">
</div>

<div class="card">
<strong>Adaptive Supply Chain Decision Engine</strong><br>
Forecast risk and inventory exposure framework<br>
<a href="https://public.tableau.com/views/AdaptiveSupplyChainDecisionEngineASCDEEVPlanningPrioritization/AdaptiveSupplyChainDecisionEngineASCDE" target="_blank">
Tableau dashboard
</a> |
<a href="projects/ascde.html">Case study</a>
</div>

</div>

---

<div class="two-col">

<div>

## Supply Chain and Operations

- Inventory Management and Replenishment  
- Demand Variability and Forecast Risk  
- Material Flow and Bottleneck Analysis  
- Warehouse Operations  

</div>

<div>

## Analytics and Tools

- Python and SQL  
- Advanced Excel  
- Tableau  
- AutoCAD  
- ERP-style data analysis  

</div>

</div>

---

## Education

<strong>Northeastern University</strong><br>
Master of Science in Engineering Management<br>
GPA: 3.67

<br>

<strong>Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering</strong><br>
Bachelor of Engineering in Industrial Engineering and Management<br>
GPA: 3.45

---

## Contact

Email: <a href="mailto:satish.ru@northeastern.edu">satish.ru@northeastern.edu</a><br>
LinkedIn: <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rutwiksatish/" target="_blank">linkedin.com/in/rutwiksatish</a><br>
GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/RutwikSatish" target="_blank">github.com/RutwikSatish</a>

Commit message:

Revise About section for clarity and detail
Reworded the description of research focus and insights.

index.md, after:

<nav style="border-bottom:1px solid #e5e7eb;">
  <div style="max-width:900px;margin:0 auto;padding:12px 0;display:flex;gap:24px;">
    <a href="/">Home</a>
    <a href="#projects">Projects</a>
    <a href="resume.html">Resume</a>
    <a href="mailto:satish.ru@northeastern.edu">Contact</a>
  </div>
</nav>

<div style="max-width:900px;margin:0 auto;">

<div class="hero">
  <img src="assets/profile.jpg" alt="Rutwik Satish">
  <div class="hero-text">
    <h1>Rutwik Satish</h1>
    <p>
      <strong>Supply Chain and Operations Analyst</strong><br>
      Focused on Inventory, Planning, and Flow Decision Systems
    </p>
    <p>
      <a href="resume.html">View resume</a> |
      <a href="assets/resume.pdf" target="_blank">Download PDF</a> |
      <a href="https://github.com/RutwikSatish" target="_blank">GitHub</a>
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="two-col">

<div>

## About

I am a graduate student in Engineering Management at Northeastern University with one year of hands-on internship experience across logistics and industrial engineering.

Through my internships and independent projects, I have focused on understanding real-world supply chain problems such as inventory imbalance, planning noise, and execution delays. I build decision-support systems that translate operational data into clear, actionable insights for planners and operations teams.

</div>

<div>

## Focus Areas

- Supply Chain Analytics  
- Inventory and Demand Planning  
- Operations and Execution Support  

</div>

</div>

---

## Experience

<div class="card">
<strong>Mercedes-Benz Research and Development India Pvt. Ltd.</strong><br>
Industrial Engineering Intern
<ul>
<li>Analyzed performance data across 25+ production assets, identifying recurring fault patterns impacting downstream availability</li>
<li>Supported root-cause analysis initiatives contributing to an approximate 10 % reduction in repeat operational issues</li>
<li>Built standardized Excel KPI dashboards, improving reporting accuracy by approximately 30 %</li>
<li>Assisted PPAP-aligned documentation to support planning reliability</li>
</ul>
</div>

<div class="card">
<strong>Ativegh Logistics Pvt. Ltd.</strong><br>
Logistics Intern
<ul>
<li>Conducted SKU-level inventory and material flow analysis, contributing to an approximate 15 % increase in service levels</li>
<li>Reduced working capital by approximately 10 % through replenishment analysis</li>
<li>Improved execution efficiency by approximately 8 % through KPI tracking</li>
<li>Supported Tableau dashboards that accelerated execution cycles by approximately 20 %</li>
</ul>
</div>

---

<a id="projects"></a>
## Projects

<div class="project-grid">

<div class="card">
<strong>PlanPulse</strong><br>
Demand Planning Auto Analyst<br>
<a href="https://planpulse.streamlit.app/" target="_blank">Live app</a> |
<a href="projects/planpulse.html">Case study</a>
<img src="assets/planpulse.png" alt="PlanPulse">
</div>

<div class="card">
<strong>FactoryPulse</strong><br>
Production Flow Simulator<br>
<a href="https://factorypulse.streamlit.app/" target="_blank">Live app</a> |
<a href="projects/factorypulse.html">Case study</a>
<img src="assets/factorypulse.png" alt="FactoryPulse">
</div>

<div class="card">
<strong>Supply Chain Decision Translator</strong><br>
Prioritization and decision support tool<br>
<a href="https://scdt-app.streamlit.app/" target="_blank">Live app</a> |
<a href="projects/scdt.html">Case study</a>
<img src="assets/scdt.png" alt="SCDT">
</div>

<div class="card">
<strong>Adaptive Supply Chain Decision Engine</strong><br>
Forecast risk and inventory exposure framework<br>
<a href="https://public.tableau.com/views/AdaptiveSupplyChainDecisionEngineASCDEEVPlanningPrioritization/AdaptiveSupplyChainDecisionEngineASCDE" target="_blank">
Tableau dashboard
</a> |
<a href="projects/ascde.html">Case study</a>
</div>

</div>

---

<div class="two-col">

<div>

## Supply Chain and Operations

- Inventory Management and Replenishment  
- Demand Variability and Forecast Risk  
- Material Flow and Bottleneck Analysis  
- Warehouse Operations  

</div>

<div>

## Analytics and Tools

- Python and SQL  
- Advanced Excel  
- Tableau  
- AutoCAD  
- ERP-style data analysis  

</div>

</div>

---

## Education

<strong>Northeastern University</strong><br>
Master of Science in Engineering Management<br>
GPA: 3.67

<br>

<strong>Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering</strong><br>
Bachelor of Engineering in Industrial Engineering and Management<br>
GPA: 3.45

---

## Contact

Email: <a href="mailto:satish.ru@northeastern.edu">satish.ru@northeastern.edu</a><br>
LinkedIn: <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rutwiksatish/" target="_blank">linkedin.com/in/rutwiksatish</a><br>
GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/RutwikSatish" target="_blank">github.com/RutwikSatish</a>
